[main]
host     = https://www.transifex.com
lang_map = zh_CN: zh_Hans, zh_TW: zh_Hant

[o:django:p:django-docs:r:contents]
file_filter = translations/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/contents.po
source_file = translations/en/LC_MESSAGES/contents.po
source_lang = en

[o:django:p:django-docs:r:faq]
file_filter = translations/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/faq.po
source_file = translations/en/LC_MESSAGES/faq.po
source_lang = en

[o:django:p:django-docs:r:glossary-1]
file_filter = translations/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/glossary.po
source_file = translations/en/LC_MESSAGES/glossary.po
source_lang = en

[o:django:p:django-docs:r:howto]
file_filter = translations/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/howto.po
source_file = translations/en/LC_MESSAGES/howto.po
source_lang = en

[o:django:p:django-docs:r:index]
file_filter = translations/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/index.po
source_file = translations/en/LC_MESSAGES/index.po
source_lang = en

[o:django:p:django-docs:r:internals]
file_filter = translations/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/internals.po
source_file = translations/en/LC_MESSAGES/internals.po
source_lang = en

[o:django:p:django-docs:r:intro]
file_filter = translations/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/intro.po
source_file = translations/en/LC_MESSAGES/intro.po
source_lang = en

[o:django:p:django-docs:r:misc]
file_filter = translations/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/misc.po
source_file = translations/en/LC_MESSAGES/misc.po
source_lang = en

[o:django:p:django-docs:r:reference]
file_filter = translations/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/ref.po
source_file = translations/en/LC_MESSAGES/ref.po
source_lang = en

[o:django:p:django-docs:r:releases]
file_filter = translations/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/releases.po
source_file = translations/en/LC_MESSAGES/releases.po
source_lang = en

[o:django:p:django-docs:r:topics]
file_filter = translations/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/topics.po
source_file = translations/en/LC_MESSAGES/topics.po
source_lang = en

